hello the Israeli Army says it has
recovered the bodies of three more
hostages from Gaza killed by Hamas
during the attack on the Supernova Music
Festival on the October the 7th before
their corpses were taken into the
territory of Gaza the Israeli Defense
Forces say the bodies of sha Luke Amit
busula and yitzak Galena were recovered
in an operation overnight well meanwhile
a deliveries have begun arriving at a
temporary float Pier built by the United
States off the Gaza Strip now Israel has
come under growing pressure to do more
to allow in more relief supplies the UK
prime minister Rishi sunak said this
first delivery of Aid via the pier was
in his words the culmination of a
Herculean joint International effort
from Jerusalem our Middle East
correspondent Lucy
Williamson y Genta shaie Luke and am
pkilla three Israeli hostages killed
near the Nova Music Festival on the 7th
of October their bodies taken hostage
and brought back home this week by
Israeli
forces according to the credible
information that we have gathered Shani
luk Amid buila and its larent were
murdered by Kamas while escaping the
Nova Music Festival on October 7th and
their bodies were taken into Gaza
Israel's Army is fighting in areas to
the South and center of Gaza and jabalia
to the north where it says it found this
Hamas Arsenal with its stockpile of
heavy weapons this Hamas video released
today weeks after Israel said the area
was
cleared in the South Aid routes into
Gaza have been largely blocked by
Israel's operation in Rafa the UN says
more than half a million people have
fled seeking safety sh delter and food
today the first test of a new pier and
modular Causeway built by us and British
forces to get Aid in a Lifeline for Gaza
to relieve the pressure on local
populations and distant
politicians un L's waited on gaza's
Shore to receive the shipment temporary
shelter kits from the UK alongside aid
from the US and United Arab Emirates
welcome it we we hope that it can be
effectively scaled up but it is no
substitute for a proper opening of
borders it's expensive and it's
inefficient but we hope that it will
work but the new pier was little comfort
for some of those watching from the
shore they want to bring us food they
should bring us back to our homes they
should stop the Bloodshed they should
come and see how we're living on the
streets Israel's allies are taking on
gaza's growing humanitarian crisis with
a $300 million response that will Salve
not solve Lucy Williamson BBC News
Jerusalem so that's the latest from the
Middle East but what does the future of
Gaza look like in the short and the
longer term well I've been talking to
the Palestinian ambassador to the United
Nations Riyad mansur and asked him how
he sees the political future of a
postwar
Gaza how do you see the future of Gaza
this war will have to end one day what
is the political future of Gaza when the
war is over in your
view the first thing that we need to do
and that that is our top priority and
the top priority of the Arabs the
Muslims the nonaligned movement all
peace loving people is to stop this
Carnage and this aggression and this war
against our people to save lives to send
food and medicine and water and
humanitarian assistance to scale as
suggested by the Secretary General of
the UN and to stop the crime against
humanity of the forced transfer and for
the isra occupying forces to withdraw
from Gaza once we have these things put
in place
we will be able to devote our thinking
and our energies into what need to be
done to rebuild Gaza and to put life
back together in the Gaza Strip but
surely you need to be thinking about
that now that future for Gaza you need
to be thinking about that now we know
you the Palestinian Authority F have had
talks with Hamas in Moscow about a kind
of unified approach would you work in
government with Hamas despite what they
did on October
7th our government you know declared you
know from the beginning of this
aggression that the uh uh we have one
unified one government that is
responsible for the Affairs of the
Palestinian people in the O occupied
part of uh the state of Palestine
including the Gaza Strip the West Bank
and East Jerusalem and in in fact
significant portion of the budget of the
Palestinian National Authority is being
spent all the time to uh the uh the the
employees of the National Authority in
the Gaza Strip and it never stopped and
it continued to uh to to take place
including during these seven months of
aggression against our people so that's
that's in terms of the responsibility in
terms of the detail
it is very difficult to put anything in
place as long as there is uh Israeli
occupying forces uh still in uh in in uh
occupied Gaza Strip they need to be
removed we need to assess and evaluate
the massive amount of damage to the
infrastructure and to the life of our
people in the Gaza Strip and to see how
we can mobilize resources in order to
take uh to be a ble to implement the
Monumental task of the government of Dr
Muhammad Mustafa which he announced you
know in his speech as to the plan of the
new government of the State of Palestine
as it relate to the Gaza Strip can I ask
you about that moment that extraordinary
moment we had at the United Nations a
few days ago when the UN General
Assembly voted to support the
Palestinian bids to become a full un
member um which would effectively
recognize ultimately uh a Palestinian
State Israel reacted with Fury its
Ambassador said the UN Charter had just
been shredded uh and that Winston
Churchill would be turning in his grave
um what did you think of that moment and
what was its significance do you
think Winston churcher would be so upset
from the arrogance of uh an individual
representing a government that is
committing genocide against the
Palestinian people in insulting the
charter the charter of the United
Nations was created by Humanity after
the horrors of World War II and it is
the obligation of all member states of
the United Nations to honor it and to
respect it and not to shred it as he did
and the insult to everyone in the
chamber including the government of the
UK when he addressed all of us as being
the enemy of the Jewish people or
against the Jewish people such Behavior
should not be tolerated and those who
utter these words are in essence are
telling us that they do not belong to to
secure a seat in the general assembly
all these issues will come in time if
that behavior to continue the United
Nations and the general assembly was
responsible for the creation of the
state of Israel itself and they should
be grateful for that behavior not to
come and insult everyone and to shred to
Pieces the charter of the UN this is a
Despicable behavior and Those who commit
such Behavior should be held accountable
you you just alleged that Israel is
committing genocide Israel has denied
that of emphatically it says that claim
is morally repugnant its lawyer at the
international court of justice says
there is a tragic War but no genocide
and that claim is completely divorced
from the facts that's what Israel
says well Israel says many things that
it is divorced from the facts and it is
totally isolated as we see it in the
security Council and in the general
assembly and as to you know that the uh
the uh subject of genocide uh the icj is
deliberating on these issues and it was
not accident for the icj to order six
provisional measures to be put in place
and that is mandatory in accordance with
all those who belong to the convention
in uh in uh stopping you know genocide
and against genocide and Israel did not
Implement uh these provisional measures
and you know now as we speak the icj is
listening to South Africa and to Israel
with regard you know to uh uh revisit
the issue of genocide and I believe that
the icj will put in place a new set of
provisional measures and Israel has to
abide by them and the new measures would
be related to among other things to uh
you know to stop Israel from storming
Rafa and committing you know genocide
against the Palestinian civilian
population in that City